Improve docs on how to run Cosmos in Astro (#951)
astronomer/astronomer-cosmos: docs/getting_started/astro.rst

While it is possible to use Cosmos on Astro with all :ref:`Execution Modes <execution-modes>`, we recommend using the ``local`` execution mode. It's the simplest to set up and use.

> If you'd like to see a fully functional project to run in Astro (CLI or Cloud), `check out cosmos-demo <https://github.com/astronomer/cosmos-demo>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to see a fully functional project to run in Astro (CLI or Cloud), check out `cosmos-demo <https://github.com/astronomer/cosmos-demo>`_.
```

> Below you can find the step-by-step to run your own dbt project within Astro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below you can find a step-by-step guide to run your own dbt project within Astro.
```

Pre-requisites
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To get started, you should have:

- The Astro CLI installed. You can find installation instructions `here <https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/install-cli>`_.
- An Astro CLI project. You can initialize a new project with ``astro dev init``.

> - A dbt project. The `jaffle shop example <https://github.com/dbt-labs/jaffle_shop>`_ is a good example.

Reviewer: Looks like navigating to this GitHub project is getting redirected to https://github.com/dbt-labs/jaffle-shop-classic, but I guess this should be fine

Author: Thanks, @pankajkoti , I just updated to the new URL!
